OSDOCS-18930: adds mcp gateway release note (#109796)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ref-relnotes-z-streams.adoc

This section is updated over time to provide notes on enhancements and bug fixes for future asynchronous releases of {product-title} 1.3. Versioned asynchronous releases, for example with the {product-title} 1.3.z, are detailed in the following subsections.

{product-title} 1.3.3 new feature and enhancement update::

Issued: 30 April 2026
+
{product-title} release 1.3.3 is now available. {product-title} uses the `stable` update channel to track and receive updates for the {product-title} Operator. You can manage how your updates are applied through your Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) subscription resource. For more information, see xref:../updating/updating-rhcl.adoc#proc-update-rhcl-with-web-console_updating-rhcl[Updating Red Hat Connectivity Link].
+
--
* With this release, the Model Context Protocol (MCP) gateway is now available as a Technology Preview feature. This experimental feature is not intended for production use. Note the following scope of support on the Red Hat Customer Portal for this feature: link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview Features - Scope of Support].
--
+

> The MCP gateway aggregates in-cluster and remote MCP servers behind a single endpoint. The MCP gateway discovers every tool available to you on registered MCP servers. You can achieve the following goals by using the MCP gateway:

Reviewer: Can you make sure that this is formatted how you want it to be formatted in the preview? It currently sits between two bullet points. I wasn't sure if you wanted it to be aligned with the above paragraph or not.

{product-title} 1.3.3 new feature and enhancement update::

Issued: 30 April 2026
+
{product-title} release 1.3.3 is now available. A description is available in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2026:XXXX[RHBA-2026:XXXX] advisory. {product-title} uses the `stable` update channel to track and receive updates for the {product-title} Operator. You can manage how your updates are applied through your Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) subscription resource. For more information, see xref:../updating/updating-rhcl.adoc#proc-update-rhcl-with-web-console_updating-rhcl[Updating Red Hat Connectivity Link]
+
--
* With this release, the Model Context Protocol (MCP) gateway is now available as a Technology Preview feature. This experimental feature is not intended for production use. Note the following scope of support on the Red Hat Customer Portal for this feature: link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview Features - Scope of Support]
--
+

> The MCP gateway aggregates local, remote, and third-party MCP servers behind a single endpoint. The MCP gateway discovers every tool available to you on registered MCP servers. You can achieve the following goals by using the MCP gateway:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The MCP gateway aggregates in-cluster and remote MCP servers behind a single endpoint. The MCP gateway discovers every tool available to you on registered MCP servers. You can achieve the following goals by using the MCP gateway:
```
